README.md, before:

**This version of Tasmota is specifically for the [TH3D EZPlug wifi outlet](https://www.th3dstudio.com/product/ezplug-open-source-wifi-smart-plug/) for 3D Printers.**

## Features

- Built on Tasmota 9.5.X
- Presetup for our EZPlug products
- Home Assistant discovery enabled by default
- Works with OctoPrint-Tasmota plugin for Octoprint
- EZPlug+ has Power monitoring pre-calibrated for US voltage
- Supports upgrading to standard Tasmota for those that want it

## Updating your EZPlug Firmware

1. Download the latest releases for your plug (EZPlug or EZPlug+). **You will need the normal BIN file and the minimal BIN file**
2. Flash the minimal BIN file from the GUI
3. Flash the normal BIN file from the GUI
4. Enjoy the updated firmware

## Using the EZPlug with "Vanilla" Tasmota

Templates and directions are located in our help center here: [https://www.th3dstudio.com/hc/product-information/ezplug/using-the-ezplug-with-vanilla-tasmota/](https://www.th3dstudio.com/hc/product-information/ezplug/using-the-ezplug-with-vanilla-tasmota//)

## Contribute to the Tasmota Project

You can contribute to Tasmota by
- providing Pull Requests (Features, Proof of Concepts, Language files or Fixes)
- testing new released features and report issues
- donating to acquire hardware for testing and implementing or out of gratitude
- contributing missing [documentation](https://tasmota.github.io/docs) for features and devices

[![donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-PayPal-blue.svg)](https://paypal.me/tasmota)

## Credits

People helping to keep the show on the road:
- David Lang providing initial issue resolution and code optimizations
- Heiko Krupp for his IRSend, HTU21, SI70xx and Wemo/Hue emulation drivers
- Wiktor Schmidt for Travis CI implementation
- Thom Dietrich for PlatformIO optimizations
- Marinus van den Broek for his EspEasy groundwork
- Pete Ba for more user friendly energy monitor calibration
- Lobradov providing compile optimization tips
- Flexiti for his initial timer implementation
- reloxx13 for his [TasmoAdmin](https://github.com/reloxx13/TasmoAdmin) management tool
- Joachim Banzhaf for his TSL2561 library and driver
- Gijs Noorlander for his MHZ19, SenseAir and updated PubSubClient drivers
- Erik Montnemery for his HomeAssistant Discovery concept and many code tuning tips
- Federico Leoni for continued HomeAssistant Discovery support
- Aidan Mountford for his HSB support
- Daniel Ztolnai for his Serial Bridge implementation
- Gerhard Mutz for multiple sensor & display drivers, Sunrise/Sunset, and scripting
- Nuno Ferreira for his HC-SR04 driver
- Adrian Scillato for his (security)fixes and implementing and maintaining KNX
- Gennaro Tortone for implementing and maintaining Eastron drivers
- Raymond Mouthaan for managing Wemos Wiki information
- Norbert Richter for his [decode-config.py](https://github.com/tasmota/decode-config) tool
- Andre Thomas for providing [thehackbox](http://thehackbox.org/tasmota/) OTA support and daily development builds
- Joel Stein, digiblur and Shantur Rathore for their Tuya research and driver
- Frogmore42 for providing many issue answers
- Jason2866 for platformio support and providing many issue answers
- Blakadder for managing the new document site and providing template management
- Stephan Hadinger for refactoring light driver, enhancing HueEmulation and Zigbee support
- tmo for designing the official Tasmota logo
- Stefan Bode for his Shutter and Deep sleep drivers
- Jacek Ziółkowski for his [TDM](https://github.com/jziolkowski/tdm) management tool and [Tasmotizer](https://github.com/tasmota/tasmotizer) flashing tool
- Christian Staars for NRF24L01 and HM-10 Bluetooth sensor support
- Paul Diem for UDP Group communication support
- Jörg Schüler-Maroldt for his initial ESP32 port
- Javier Arigita for his thermostat driver
- Many more providing Tips, Wips, Pocs, PRs and Donations

## License

This program is licensed under GPL-3.0

Commit message:

10.1.0 Update and EZHome Branding Change
Update to Tasmota 10.1.0
Merge configs for all EZHome products
EZPlug, EZPlug Plus, and EZBulb

README.md, after:

**This version of Tasmota is specifically for the TH3D EZHome line of products.**

## Features

- Built on Tasmota 10.1.0
- Presetup for our EZHome products
	- EZPlug
	- EZPlug Plus
	- EZBulb
- Works with native Home Assistant Tasmota Integration
- Works with OctoPrint-Tasmota plugin for Octoprint
- EZPlug+ has Power monitoring pre-calibrated for US voltage
- Supports upgrading to standard Tasmota for those that want it

## Updating your EZHome Device Firmware

1. Use the web interface to pull the latest from our github releases.

## Using the EZHome Products with "Vanilla" Tasmota

**EZPlugs** 

- Templates and directions are located in our help center here: [https://www.th3dstudio.com/hc/product-information/ezplug/using-the-ezplug-with-vanilla-tasmota/](https://www.th3dstudio.com/hc/product-information/ezplug/using-the-ezplug-with-vanilla-tasmota//)

**EZBulbs**

- Coming Soon

## Contribute to the Tasmota Project

You can contribute to Tasmota by
- Providing Pull Requests (Features, Proof of Concepts, Language files or Fixes)
- Testing new released features and report issues
- Donating to acquire hardware for testing and implementing or out of gratitude
- Contributing missing [documentation](https://tasmota.github.io/docs) for features and devices

[![donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-PayPal-blue.svg)](https://paypal.me/tasmota)

## Credits

People helping to keep the show on the road:
- David Lang providing initial issue resolution and code optimizations
- Heiko Krupp for his IRSend, HTU21, SI70xx and Wemo/Hue emulation drivers
- Wiktor Schmidt for Travis CI implementation
- Thom Dietrich for PlatformIO optimizations
- Marinus van den Broek for his EspEasy groundwork
- Pete Ba for more user friendly energy monitor calibration
- Lobradov providing compile optimization tips
- Flexiti for his initial timer implementation
- reloxx13 for his [TasmoAdmin](https://github.com/reloxx13/TasmoAdmin) management tool
- Joachim Banzhaf for his TSL2561 library and driver
- Andre Thomas for providing many drivers
- Gijs Noorlander for his MHZ19, SenseAir and updated PubSubClient drivers
- Erik Montnemery for his HomeAssistant Discovery concept and many code tuning tips
- Federico Leoni for continued HomeAssistant Discovery support
- Aidan Mountford for his HSB support
- Daniel Ztolnai for his Serial Bridge implementation
- Gerhard Mutz for multiple sensor & display drivers, Sunrise/Sunset, and scripting
- Nuno Ferreira for his HC-SR04 driver
- Adrian Scillato for his (security)fixes and implementing and maintaining KNX
- Gennaro Tortone for implementing and maintaining Eastron drivers
- Raymond Mouthaan for managing Wemos Wiki information
- Norbert Richter for his [decode-config.py](https://github.com/tasmota/decode-config) tool
- Joel Stein, digiblur and Shantur Rathore for their Tuya research and driver
- Frogmore42 for providing many issue answers
- Jason2866 for platformio support and providing many issue answers
- Blakadder for managing the new document site and providing template management
- Stephan Hadinger for refactoring light driver, enhancing HueEmulation, LVGL, Zigbee and Berry support
- tmo for designing the official Tasmota logo
- Stefan Bode for his Shutter and Deep sleep drivers
- Jacek Ziółkowski for his [TDM](https://github.com/jziolkowski/tdm) management tool and [Tasmotizer](https://github.com/tasmota/tasmotizer) flashing tool
- Christian Staars for NRF24L01 and HM-10 Bluetooth sensor support
- Paul Diem for UDP Group communication support
- Jörg Schüler-Maroldt for his initial ESP32 port
- Javier Arigita for his thermostat driver
- Simon Hailes for ESP32 Bluetooth extensions
- Many more providing Tips, Wips, Pocs, PRs and Donations

## License

This program is licensed under GPL-3.0
